1. Adafruit Feather Huzzah - It is made by adafruit thus it has easily available instructions and support. 
   It doesn't come with soldered header pins so you will need a soldering iron to solder them. It has li-po 
   battery charger on the board itself, so it will come really handy in portable projects.
2. NodeMCU ESP8266 - It is just the basic board with no extra features but it is open source and has excellent 
   documentation so it will be very easy to get started.
3. Sparkfun ESP8266 - It is like the huzzah with the addition of a power switch and an external antenna for 
   a longer Wifi range.
4. Wemos D1 Mini - It is the smallest of all the boards but this doesn't have any effect on the performance. 
   It has nice documentation. If you want a longer range and the same form factor then you could buy the Wemos 
   D1 Mini Pro which has a external antenna.
   Finally, the one I would recommend is the NodeMCU ESP8266 because it has excellent documentation and how 
   cheap it is. If you are building a portable project then I would recommend the sparkfun board because of the 
   external antenna and the built-in li-po charger and sparkfun makes good quality products.
   
There are many different kinds of batteries to choose from, you have to select the right one for you.
1. AA Battery Pack - They are the most common type of batteries and are very cheap. Each cell has a voltage of 1.5 
   volts, we need at least 9 volts, so we would need to wire 6 - 8 cells in series to get 9 -12 volts.
2. 9v Battery - This is also a very common type of battery and also cheap. It has a voltage of 9 volts but the max-
   -imum current and capacity is pretty low, so it wouldn't last long and the motors will spin quite slow.
3. Lead Acid Battery - It is also pretty common as it is used every car out there. It has a voltage of 12 volts, 
   it has the perfect voltage for our needs. It's current capability is good and has a large capacity. The only part 
   where it isn't good is the size and weight, it is big and heavy.
4. Li-Ion (Lithium Ion) - It is the type of battery that is used in power banks. It comes in different sizes but 
   the most popular is the 18650 cell. The maximum voltage is 4.2 volts and minimum is 3.7 volts. If you charge or 
   discharge it more than those parameters then the battery would be damaged. A special type of charger is needed 
   to charge these batteries. It has a high current capability and a large capacity and is also very small, only a 
   little bigger than AA battery. But it doesn't come as pre-built battery packs, so you would have to buy indivi-
   -dual cells and create a battery pack.
5. Li-Po (Lithium Polymer) - It is mostly used in quadcopters and drones and in hobby rc vehicles. The maximum and 
   minimum voltage is same as an Li-Ion battery. A special charger is also needed to charge them. It has the highest 
   current capability out of all these and also has a large capacity and is also small. But is dangerous, if you 
   don't handle them properly they could catch on fire.
